Grd 68576 mysql readme (#277)
IBM/universal-connectors: filter-plugin/logstash-filter-mysql-guardium/README.md

* Events in the filter are not removed, but tagged if not parsed (see [Filter result](#filter-result), below).
*  If the dbname is not coming from the command line, it will not get populated. If you want to see the dbname, either  send a use statement or send it on command line.
* *IPv6* addresses are typically supported by the MySQL and filter plug-ins, however this is not fully supported by the Guardium pipeline.
* It is supported on Enterprise version only

> * Use JSON format for Native logging (configurable in DB server). XML is not supported as of now

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use JSON format for native logging (configurable in the database server). XML is not supported as of now.
```
